{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Patch overview:\
\
This is a synthesis patch I initially developed to create sounds for a composition of mine. I have since adapted it for live performance. \
\
The main synthesis patch is \'93trumpet-partials39.maxpat.\'94 This patch plays up to 10 layers of rhythmic pulses. The source of the pulsea can be a sine, triangle, square, playback from a file, or input from the mic. Withing the 10 layers, 1 is the \'93fundamental,\'94 and each of the other 9 layers are set in relation to it. The same is true for the rhythms - so if layer 2 is double the frequency of layer 1, the pulsing will also be twice as fast.\
\
The patch called \'93-main-patch.maxpat\'94 is the one I actually use in performance. It\'92s just 3 instances of the trumpet-partials39.maxpatch, with some extra controls thrown in. \
\
The main patch is designed to be controlled with a Korg NanoKontrol2. There\'92s a lot of code in there to handle the mapping, probably more than needed. But I wanted to set up a mapping system that I could adapt down the line for other patches and other controllers.\
The text file called controllers3.txt has all the controller mapping data. It\'92s loaded by two coll objects - one in the main patch, the other in the trumpet-partials patch.}